Clarify Docker CAS changes (#129)
voxel51/fiftyone-teams-app-deploy: docker/README.md

- Update your `.env` file, adding the variables listed above
- Update your `compose.override.yaml` with `teams-cas` changes (if necessary)
- Run `docker compose` commands from the `legacy-auth` directory

> - (If using path-based routing) Configure the path-based route `/cas` to port 3030

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using path-based routing, configure a `/cas` route to value of the `CAS_BIND_PORT`
```

If the user sets the `CAS_BIND_PORT` to something other than `3030`, these instructions would be incorrect.

1. In the `.env` file, set the required environment variables
    - `FIFTYONE_API_URI`
    - `FIFTYONE_AUTH_SECRET`

>     - The `CAS_*` variables referenced [here](#central-authentication-service) in case they were overwritten when copying your `.env` file

Reviewer: Let's be explicit instead of referential.

```suggestion
    - `CAS_BASE_URL`
    - `CAS_BIND_ADDRESS`
    - `CAS_BIND_PORT`
    - `CAS_DATABASE_NAME`
    - `CAS_DEBUG`
    - `CAS_DEFAULT_USER_ROLE`

    > **Note**: For the `CAS_*` variables, consider using
    > the seed values from the `.env.template` file

```

I don't understand how a customer moving `.env` into the directories `internal-auth` or `legacy-auth` would overwrite.  We don't provide a `.env` file in those directories.  And the `.env.template` remains.

Author: Right, forgot it was .env.template so wouldn't overwrite. Changes look good
